c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Debug\logo.ico
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Debug\TimeforBreak.exe.config
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Debug\TimeforBreak.exe.manifest
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Debug\TimeforBreak.application
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Debug\TimeforBreak.exe
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Debug\TimeforBreak.pdb
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Debug\CustomizedClickOnce.Common.dll
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Debug\CustomizedClickOnce.Common.pdb
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Breakmode.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Buffwin.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\exitwin.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\loginwindow.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\logout.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Notiwin1.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Notiwin2.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\NotiWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Setup.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\signup.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Breakmode.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Buffwin.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\exitwin.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\loginwindow.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\logout.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Notiwin1.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Notiwin2.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\NotiWindow.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\Setup.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\signup.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak.g.resources
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak.exe.manifest
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak.application
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak.exe
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Debug\TimeforBreak.pdb
