c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Release\logo.ico
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Release\TimeforBreak.exe.config
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Release\TimeforBreak.exe.manifest
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Release\TimeforBreak.application
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Release\TimeforBreak.exe
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Release\TimeforBreak.pdb
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Release\CustomizedClickOnce.Common.dll
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Release\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Release\CustomizedClickOnce.Common.pdb
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\bin\Release\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Breakmode.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Buffwin.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\exitwin.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\loginwindow.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\logout.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Notiwin1.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Notiwin2.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\NotiWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Setup.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\signup.g.cs
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\App.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Breakmode.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Buffwin.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\exitwin.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\loginwindow.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\logout.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Notiwin1.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Notiwin2.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\NotiWindow.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Settings.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\Setup.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\signup.baml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak.g.resources
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak.exe.manifest
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak.application
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak.exe
c:\users\ypl5142\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeforBreak\TimeforBreak\obj\Release\TimeforBreak.pdb
